#Install the Components from the Ubuntu Repositories
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install python3-pip python3-dev libpq-dev postgresql postgresql-contrib

#Create a Database and Database User
sudo -u postgres psql
CREATE DATABASE myproject;
CREATE USER myprojectuser WITH PASSWORD 'password';
GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON DATABASE myproject TO myprojectuser;
\q

#Install Django within a Virtual Environment (fro python3)
sudo pip3 install virtualenv

Make and move into a directory to hold your Django project:
mkdir myproject
cd myproject

We can create a virtual environment to store our Django project’s Python requirements by typing:
virtualenv myprojectenv

we need to activate it. You can do so by typing:
source myprojectenv/bin/activate

We will also install the psycopg2 package that will allow us to use the database we configured:
pip install django psycopg2

We can now start a Django project within our myproject directory. This will create a child directory of the same name to hold the code itself:
django-admin.py startproject myproject .

Configure the Django Database Settings
nano myproject/myproject/settings.py

. . .

DATABASES = {
    'default': {
        'ENGINE': 'django.db.backends.postgresql_psycopg2',
        'NAME': 'myproject',
        'USER': 'myprojectuser',
        'PASSWORD': 'password',
        'HOST': 'localhost',
        'PORT': '',
    }
}

. . .

ALLOWED_HOSTS = ['localhost', '127.0.0.1']

Migrate the Database and Test your Project
cd myproject
python manage.py makemigrations
python manage.py migrate

After creating the database structure, we can create an administrative account by typing:
python manage.py createsuperuser

You will be asked to select a username, provide an email address, and choose and confirm a password for the account.

Allow external connections to the port by typing:
sudo ufw allow 8000
python manage.py runserver localhost:8000

You should see the default index page:

Append /admin to the end of the URL and you should be able to access the login screen to the admin interface:
Enter the username and password you just created using the createsuperuser command. You will then be taken to the admin interface:
